Catalog release 2.114.0 (#7441)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/releasenotes/catalog/_index.md

## 2024

### March 14, 2024

#### Fixes

> * We fixed an issue where endpoints would get re-created once for an application that was converted from Mendix 10.6 or older to 10.7 or newer.

Reviewer: Hi @BananiMendix 
Thanks for the PR.
What do you mean "would get re-created once"? Do you mean they were duplicated - so you got the same endpoint twice in the same application?

Also - was there a zendesk ticket for this we can refer to, or was it reported internally?

Author: Hi Mark,
The endpoints are not duplicated , instead after creating new endpoints the old ones were being deleted in the process.
There is no Zendesk ticket for this .

Reviewer: Thanks for the update.  Can we say:
```suggestion
* We fixed an issue where endpoints would get deleted and re-created when an application was converted from Mendix version 10.6 or below to  version 10.7 or above.
```
